chore: generated CHANGELOG for origin/release/v50.16.0 (#2915)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# 50.16.0 - February 3, 2021

## Added

#### salesforcedx-vscode-apex

- Surface project information in `Apex Language Server` Output panel ([PR #2891](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2891))

## Fixed

#### docs

- Add Log Analyzer to [Recommended Extensions](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/getting-started/recommended-extensions) ([PR #2911](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2911))

- Add AdoptOpenJDK configuration sample for Linux in [Java Setup](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/getting-started/java-setup) ([PR #2870](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2870)) - Contribution by [@renatoliveira](https://github.com/renatoliveira)

> - Include steps to get the JDK install path for Mac OS in [Java Setup](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/getting-started/java-setup) ([PR #2910](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2910)) - Contribution by [@mikeflemingcfs](https://github.com/mikeflemingcfs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include steps to get the JDK install path for MacOS in [Java Setup](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/getting-started/java-setup) ([PR #2910](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2910)) - Contribution by [@mikeflemingcfs](https://github.com/mikeflemingcfs)
```

- Add missing permission step to [ISV Customer Debugger](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/apex/isv-debugger/#configure-isv-customer-debugger) ([PR #2901](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2901))

#### salesforcedx-vscode-lwc

> - Reduce extension size by 34% ([PR #2904](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2904))

Reviewer: Although this is totally cool, seems a bit like under the hood details unless customers have complained and we're doing this work in response to that.

Author: Agreed, I've added them cause performance is one of the big things customers are opening issues for. This shows that we're actively working on it.
